1. When motion is detected by the Motion Sensor, turn on the Virtual Light.

2. Turn off Virtual A/C 1 when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects no motion. (*)

3. At sunset, turn on Virtual TV 1 and set Virtual Fan 1 to medium speed.

4. If Motion Sensor detects movement while away, turn on all Virtual Lights and send an alert.

5. At 7 AM, turn on Virtual Fridge 1 and Virtual A/C 2 to prepare the kitchen.

6. When Virtual Switch is turned on, activate Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual Light.

7. When Centralite Outlet 1 detects the washer is off, send a notification.

8. When Virtual TV 4 is turned on, dim Virtual Lights to 50%.

9. When leaving home, turn off all devices: Virtual A/C 3, Virtual Fan 3, and Virtual Light.

10. If Motion Sensor detects high temperature, turn on Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 2.

11. Turn off all Virtual Lights when no motion is detected for 10 minutes.

12. Turn on Virtual Fan 3 when the room temperature exceeds 75°F.

13. Dim Virtual Light to 30% at 8 PM every evening.

14. Turn on Virtual A/C 2 and Virtual Fan 2 when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement in the living room.

15. Turn off Virtual TV 3 when no one is detected in the room for 15 minutes.

16. Use the Motion Sensor to trigger Virtual Light and Virtual A/C 1 when entering the bedroom.

17. At sunrise, turn off Virtual Fan 1 and Virtual Light in the kitchen.

18. Turn on Virtual TV 2 and set Virtual Fan 5 to low when "movie mode" is activated.

19. Turn off Virtual A/C 3 when all doors are closed and no motion is detected in the house.

20. Set Virtual Light to red when the Motion Sensor detects unusual activity late at night.(*)

21. Turn on Virtual Fridge 1 and Virtual Light when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement in the dining room.

22. If Motion Sensor detects temperature above 80°F, activate Virtual A/C 2 and Virtual Fan 4.

23. Turn on Virtual TV 1 and mute it if no movement is detected in the living room for 5 minutes.

24. Turn off Virtual Fan 2 at 10 PM every night to conserve energy.

25. Set Virtual Light to a warm white color when the Motion Sensor detects motion in the bedroom. (*)

26. Turn on Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual TV 3 when someone enters the living room during the day.

27. Turn off Virtual A/C 1 if the windows are detected to be open.

28. Dim all Virtual Lights to 10% at midnight for nighttime mode.

29. Activate Virtual Switch to enable a "party mode" where Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 3 turn on.

30. Set Virtual Light to a blue color if the temperature drops below 65°F. (*)

31. Use Virtual A/C 3 to regulate the temperature in the dining room when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

32. Turn off Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 1 after 11 PM when no one is in the room.

33. Activate Virtual Light at 50% when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement near the front door.(*)

34. Turn off all devices in the house when the Virtual Switch is turned off.

35. Turn on Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 3 for 30 minutes after detecting motion in the living room. (*)

36. Activate Virtual Light and Virtual Fan 2 when someone enters the bathroom at night.

37. Set Virtual A/C 2 to energy-saving mode when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects no activity for an hour. (*)

38. Turn on Virtual Fan 4 when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects activity in the study room.

39. Turn off Virtual A/C 1, Virtual TV 1, and Virtual Light at 9 AM every weekday.

40. When Virtual Fridge 1 door is left open for more than 2 minutes, trigger a Virtual Light alert.

Turn on Virtual Light in the hallway when Motion Sensor detects motion after sunset.

Turn off Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual A/C 3 if no motion is detected in the house for 30 minutes.

Activate Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 1 when "game mode" is enabled.

Turn off Virtual Fan 2 and dim Virtual Light when everyone leaves the room.

Use Virtual A/C 2 to adjust the temperature if the Motion Sensor detects rapid temperature changes.

Turn on Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 3 if the Virtual Motion Sensor detects activity during the afternoon.

Activate Virtual Light in the kitchen at 6 AM for the morning routine.

Use Virtual Switch to enable "away mode," turning off all Virtual Fans and Virtual TVs.

Turn on Virtual Light in the garage when the Motion Sensor detects movement.

Turn off Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 1 when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects the room is empty.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 4 when the Motion Sensor detects someone entering the living room in the evening.

Set Virtual Light to 100% brightness when Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement during the day.

Turn off Virtual A/C 2 after 30 minutes if no motion is detected in the room.

Dim Virtual Light to 20% when "sleep mode" is activated at night.

Activate Virtual Fan 2 and Virtual Light when someone enters the kitchen during lunchtime.

Turn off Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 5 when Virtual Motion Sensor detects no activity for 20 minutes.

Set Virtual Light to green when Virtual Switch is turned on to indicate "study mode."

Turn on Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Fan 1 to cool the living room if Motion Sensor detects a rise in temperature.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when "bedtime mode" is activated.

Activate Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Light for 1 hour after detecting motion in the entertainment room.

Set Virtual Fan 3 to medium speed when Virtual Motion Sensor detects someone in the study area.

Turn on Virtual Light and Virtual Fan 4 when the Motion Sensor detects someone entering the bedroom in the evening.

Set Virtual A/C 1 to "eco mode" when the Motion Sensor detects no movement for 15 minutes.

Turn off Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 3 when no motion is detected for 1 hour.

Activate Virtual Light in the bathroom at 50% brightness when someone enters at night.

Turn on Virtual A/C 2 and Virtual Fan 5 to cool the dining room when the temperature exceeds 78°F.

Turn off Virtual Light when "movie mode" is enabled to reduce glare.

Use Virtual Motion Sensor to dim all lights in the house after 11 PM.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 2 when "news mode" is activated in the morning.

Activate Virtual Light in the living room when the Motion Sensor detects movement at sunset.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Fan 4 if no activity is detected for 30 minutes in the living room.

Set Virtual Light to a yellow color when Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement in the hallway.

Turn on Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 1 when "family mode" is activated in the evening.

Turn off Virtual Light in the study area after no activity is detected for 20 minutes.

Use Virtual A/C 1 to cool the bedroom when the Motion Sensor detects a temperature above 75°F.

Turn on Virtual Light in the kitchen at 6 AM as part of the "morning routine."

Activate Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual TV 2 when "entertainment mode" is enabled.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans in the house when "vacation mode" is activated.

Set Virtual Light to blue when Virtual Switch is turned on to indicate "relaxation mode."

Use Virtual Motion Sensor to adjust Virtual A/C 2 based on the current room occupancy.

Turn on Virtual Light in the garage when the Motion Sensor detects movement during nighttime.

Turn off Virtual Fan 2 and Virtual A/C 3 when no motion is detected in the room for 1 hour.

Activate Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 1 for 2 hours after detecting motion in the entertainment room.

Set Virtual Light to 10% brightness when the Motion Sensor detects no activity after midnight.

Turn on Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 3 to cool the study room when the Motion Sensor detects motion.

Turn off Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 4 when no one is detected in the room for 20 minutes.

Activate Virtual Light in the hallway at 70% brightness when someone enters after dark.

Use Virtual Switch to enable "work mode," turning on Virtual Light and Virtual Fan 5 in the home office.

Turn on Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 3 when the Motion Sensor detects movement during the day.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual TVs when "power-saving mode" is activated.

Turn on Virtual Light and set it to 80% brightness when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the dining room during dinner time.

Turn off Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual A/C 2 when "away mode" is activated.

Activate Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 4 when "game night mode" is enabled.

Set Virtual Light to 40% brightness when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects movement in the hallway at night.

Turn off Virtual A/C 1 when all windows are detected to be open for ventilation.

Turn on Virtual TV 4 and dim Virtual Light to 20% when "movie night mode" is activated.

Use Virtual Fan 5 to circulate air in the bedroom if the Motion Sensor detects a temperature above 80°F.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when no motion is detected in the house for 1 hour.

Set Virtual Light to a purple hue when the Virtual Switch is turned on to indicate "reading mode."

Activate Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Light when someone enters the living room during a hot afternoon.

Turn on Virtual Fan 2 and set it to high speed when the Motion Sensor detects activity in the kitchen during cooking.

Dim Virtual Light to 30% brightness when "bedtime mode" is activated in the bedroom.

Turn off Virtual TV 2 and Virtual A/C 1 when everyone leaves the house.

Use Virtual Motion Sensor to activate Virtual Light in the entryway when someone arrives home.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 4 when "relaxation mode" is enabled after work.

Turn off all Virtual Lights, Virtual Fans, and Virtual TVs when "security mode" is activated.

Activate Virtual A/C 2 to adjust the temperature in the living room when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Set Virtual Light to red when the Motion Sensor detects unusual activity late at night.

Turn off Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual Light in the study area after no activity is detected for 15 minutes.

Turn on Virtual Light in the bathroom at 50% brightness when the Motion Sensor detects motion.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 if no activity is detected in the dining room for 45 minutes.

Use Virtual Fan 1 to ventilate the hallway when the Motion Sensor detects a high temperature.

Set Virtual Light to green when "exercise mode" is activated in the home gym.

Turn on Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 5 when the Motion Sensor detects activity during the morning.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when "goodnight mode" is activated.

Activate Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 2 when the room temperature exceeds 78°F.

Use Virtual Light to create a calming ambiance in the living room by setting it to blue at 9 PM.

Turn off Virtual TV 4 and Virtual A/C 2 when "meeting mode" is activated in the home office.

Activate Virtual Fan 4 when the Motion Sensor detects activity in the study during the evening.

Set Virtual Light to yellow when the Virtual Switch is turned on to indicate "study mode."

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and set Virtual Fan 3 to medium speed when "movie time" is enabled.

Turn off Virtual A/C 2 and Virtual Light when the house is empty for more than 2 hours.

Dim Virtual Light to 15% when "romantic mode" is activated in the dining room.

Turn on Virtual A/C 1 to cool the bedroom when the Motion Sensor detects movement.

Set Virtual Light to white when "cleaning mode" is activated in the living room.

Turn off all Virtual Fans and Virtual TVs when "quiet mode" is enabled in the house.

Activate Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual Light when someone enters the garage during the evening.

Turn on Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 1 when "news mode" is activated in the morning.

Set Virtual Light to a dim orange hue when the Motion Sensor detects no activity in the hallway.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Light in the study when "work mode" is enabled.

Turn on Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 4 for 1 hour when the Motion Sensor detects activity during the day.

Use Virtual Fan 2 to ventilate the living room if the Motion Sensor detects activity and high humidity.

Set Virtual Light to a soft yellow when "reading mode" is activated in the study.

Turn off Virtual TV 3 and Virtual A/C 1 when "outdoor mode" is activated in the house.

Turn on Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual Light in the bedroom when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Activate Virtual A/C 2 to maintain a constant temperature when "focus mode" is enabled.

Set Virtual Light to pink when "party mode" is activated in the entertainment room.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when the Virtual Motion Sensor detects no movement for 2 hours.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 5 when the Motion Sensor detects activity in the guest room.

Use Virtual Switch to enable "workout mode," turning on Virtual Light and Virtual Fan 4 in the home gym.

Turn on Virtual Light in the hallway when the Motion Sensor detects movement during the evening.

Turn off Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual A/C 1 if no activity is detected in the room for 30 minutes.

Set Virtual Light to 20% brightness when "night mode" is enabled.

Activate Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 2 when "movie night" is triggered at 8 PM.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when "away mode" is activated.

Turn on Virtual A/C 2 to maintain a cool temperature in the dining room when activity is detected.

Set Virtual Light to a blue hue when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the bedroom at night.

Turn off Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 4 when "quiet mode" is enabled in the study.

Activate Virtual Light at 70% brightness in the kitchen when "cooking mode" is enabled.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 1 when the Motion Sensor detects activity in the living room.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Fan 5 if the Motion Sensor detects no activity for 2 hours.

Dim Virtual Light to 15% when the Virtual Switch is set to "relaxation mode."

Turn on Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual Light in the guest room when activity is detected during the evening.

Use Virtual A/C 2 to adjust the temperature in the home office when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Set Virtual Light to green when "focus mode" is enabled in the study area.

Turn off Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 1 when "power-saving mode" is activated in the house.

Activate Virtual Light in the garage when the Motion Sensor detects movement after sunset.

Turn on Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 2 when "news mode" is triggered in the morning.

Use Virtual Light to create a soft yellow ambiance in the living room for reading time.

Turn off Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 4 in the bedroom when no activity is detected overnight.

Turn on Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 5 for 30 minutes when the Motion Sensor detects activity in the playroom.

Set Virtual Light to a pink hue when "party mode" is activated in the entertainment area.

Turn off all Virtual Fans and Virtual Lights when "sleep mode" is activated in the house.

Use Virtual A/C 1 to cool the bedroom to a comfortable temperature when movement is detected.

Turn on Virtual Fan 4 and Virtual Light when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the dining room.

Activate Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Light when "evening relaxation mode" is enabled.

Turn off Virtual A/C 2 and Virtual Fan 2 when "eco mode" is triggered during the day.

Set Virtual Light to orange when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the hallway at sunset.

Turn on Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 3 for 1 hour when "entertainment mode" is enabled.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 and dim Virtual Light in the study when "reading mode" is triggered.

Turn on Virtual Fan 5 and Virtual TV 1 when activity is detected in the guest bedroom.

Use Virtual Light to create a warm ambiance in the dining room by setting it to yellow at 7 PM.

Turn off Virtual Fan 1 and Virtual A/C 2 when "power-saving mode" is activated during the day.

Activate Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 4 when "game mode" is enabled in the entertainment room.

Set Virtual Light to red when the Motion Sensor detects unusual activity late at night.

Turn off all Virtual Lights and Virtual Fans when the Virtual Switch is turned off.

Turn on Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 2 when "family mode" is triggered in the evening.

Dim Virtual Light to 10% when "nightlight mode" is activated in the children's bedroom.

Use Virtual A/C 1 to maintain a comfortable temperature in the living room during the afternoon.

Turn on Virtual Fan 3 and Virtual Light in the study when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Activate Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Light when "news mode" is triggered in the morning.

Turn off Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Fan 5 if the Motion Sensor detects no activity for 1 hour.

Set Virtual Light to a calming blue when "relaxation mode" is enabled in the living room.

Turn on Virtual Fan 4 and Virtual TV 1 when "movie night" is enabled in the home theater.

Use Virtual Light to create a dim orange ambiance in the bedroom for bedtime.

Turn off all Virtual Lights, Virtual Fans, and Virtual TVs when "security mode" is enabled.

Activate Virtual A/C 3 to cool the dining room when the Motion Sensor detects movement.

Set Virtual Light to white when "cleaning mode" is enabled in the living room.

Turn on Virtual TV 4 and Virtual Fan 2 for 2 hours when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Turn off Virtual A/C 2 and dim Virtual Light in the study area when "focus mode" is enabled.

Use Virtual Fan 1 to ventilate the kitchen when the Motion Sensor detects high humidity.

Activate Virtual TV 3 and Virtual Fan 3 when "sports mode" is triggered in the entertainment room.

Set Virtual Light to a soft yellow when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the hallway.

Turn off Virtual Fan 4 and Virtual Light in the bedroom when "night mode" is enabled.

Turn on Virtual A/C 1 and Virtual Light in the living room when the Motion Sensor detects activity.

Activate Virtual TV 2 and Virtual Fan 5 when "entertainment mode" is enabled.

Dim Virtual Light to 30% when "evening mode" is triggered in the dining room.

Turn off Virtual A/C 3 and Virtual Fan 2 when "eco mode" is activated at night.

Set Virtual Light to green when the Motion Sensor detects movement in the study room.

Turn on Virtual TV 1 and Virtual Fan 1 when "news mode" is triggered in the morning.
